README.md, before:

# Front End Milestone Project - *Restaurant Website*

This milestone project demonstrates my ability to create a "mobile first" website using **HTML5, CCS and CDNs**.

Website Link : https://kelvinhere.github.io/Milestone-FrontEnd/

This is a restaurant website, its aim is to attract customers to boost its sales and give the user QR codes for self service payment.  The main page quickly gives users an idea of the style of food available and ethos of the company.  This website also includes an **online 
menu** with prices and expandable nutrition/allergen info and **QR code** for quick ordering.  A **location page** with map link and opening hours.

The restaurant is aimed at health conscious workers.  A customer **Event** page will encourage repeat custom via events, discounts and free 
one off workplace lunch deliveries by draw.


## UX

This website is for health conscious workers looking to buy good quality, healthy fast food.  
Primarily the users will want to view the different menu items quickly to make a dining choice.  The best way to achieve this is a quick modern 
looking interface to access these choices with as few clicks as possible, from the main page which will have a “dish of the day” the rest of the 
menu and location information will be accessible by one click.

#### User stories
* As Bob I'm a previous customer, I want to choose something to eat because I'm hungry.
* As Charlie, a friend recommended the restaurant, I want to find out where it is so I can visit.
* As Sue, an allergy sufferer, I want to view the allergens in the food so I don’t have a bad reaction.
* As Bill, a serial customer, I want to know this week's event, so I can try to win the office delivery draw.
* As Pat, a health conscious person, I want to know the nutrition information of my lunch, so I can stay within my nutrition boundaries.
* As Frank, a shift worker, I want to know the opening hours, so I am not wasting a trip to the restaurant. 
* As Paulie, I want to order without talking to anyone, I will use the QR code and self service option.

#### wireframes
##### Mobile wireframes
![Mobile1](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/mobile1.jpg?raw=true "Mobile mockup index and menu")
![Mobile2](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/mobile2.jpg?raw=true "Mobile mockup events and location")
##### Index page on desktop
![Index Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/index-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Index page mockup on desktop")
#### Menu page on desktop
![Menu Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/menu-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Menu page mockup on desktop")
#### Menu modal select on desktop
![Menu Modal Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/menu-modal-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Menu modal page mockup on desktop")
#### Events on desktop
![Events Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/events-desktop.jpg?raw=true "events page mockup on desktop")
#### Location on desktop
![Location Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/location-desktop.jpg?raw=true "location page mockup on desktop")


## Features

##### Main page
* A hero image to display the kind of foods available and set the tone of the company ethos.  This will have the restaurant name, hero image, 
dish of the day and links to all other pages on the site.  Scrolling on this site will get you to a footer with an instant menu download PDF

##### Food Menu Page
* Will show off the restaurants dishes, with an at a glance allergen/suitable for icons.  
* Menu items will be clickable, opening up a larger image in a bootstrap modal, this will give more information on nutrition and allergens.  
* From the menuitem model there will be an “I want this” button that will open another modal with the name of the food, the address/opening 
hours and a map with viewable street names.

##### Events page
* A page to show current events and eligibility to enter delivery draws through repeat custom.  Under this information will be photographs and 
videos of events.  This page's goal is to give the customers a sense of inclusion and community.
* This page will have an entry form for the draw that will take these inputs from the user :-
    * Name
    * Workplace address
    * Email
    * Entry Code (on receipt)

##### Location page
* A simple page with opening hours, address and an embedded google maps link and GPS coordinates.
 
### Existing Features
- //TODO ################ 

### Features Left to Implement
- //TODO ################ 

## Technologies Used

- [HTML5/CSS3] - Languages
	- **HTML5/CSS3** was used as it is a good industry standard
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.com) - IDE
	- **Gitpod** was used for its one stop contained development workflow via browser
- [Github](https://www.gitpod.com) - Version Control
	- **Github** was used for its robust repository and ability to view website through Github pages
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com) - Library
	- This project uses **Bootstrap** for rapid development
- [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com) - Font library
	- This project uses **Fontawesome** for quick icon styling
- [Draw.io](https://www.draw.io/) - Wireframing tool
	- This project uses **Draw.io** for rapid wireframe prototyping

## Testing
- TODO ################ 

## Credits

Created by KelvinHere

### Content
- TODO ################ 

### Media

- Edwin my brother the digital photographer
- Food allergen icons - [Erudus Food Allergy Icons](https://erudus.com/erudus-food-allergy-icons/)
- Crossed grain symbol - [Coeliac Society of Ireland](https://www.coeliac.ie/crossed-grain-symbol/)
- Vegetarian symbol - [European Vegetarian Union](https://www.euroveg.eu/)
- Free online QR code generator - [QR Code Monkey](https://www.qrcode-monkey.com/)
- Cafe images (Free for commercial use - No attribution required) [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)

### Acknowledgements

- My brother Edwin for his photography skills.
- Code Institute for properly embracing the future with an online only course.
- My noise canceling headphones, so I can still work during quarantine.

Commit message:

Bugfix: Corrected errors in menu.html brought up by validator.w3.org

README.md, after:

# Front End Milestone Project - *Restaurant Website*

This milestone project demonstrates my ability to create a "mobile first" website using **HTML5, CCS and CDNs**.

Website Link : https://kelvinhere.github.io/Milestone-FrontEnd/

This is a restaurant website, its aim is to attract customers to boost its sales and give the user QR codes for self service payment.  The main page quickly gives users an idea of the style of food available and ethos of the company.  This website also includes an **online 
menu** with prices and expandable nutrition/allergen info and **QR code** for quick ordering.  A **location page** with map link and opening hours.

The restaurant is aimed at health conscious workers.  A customer **Event** page will encourage repeat custom via events, discounts and free 
one off workplace lunch deliveries by draw.


## UX

This website is for health conscious workers looking to buy good quality, healthy fast food.  
Primarily the users will want to view the different menu items quickly to make a dining choice.  The best way to achieve this is a quick modern 
looking interface to access these choices with as few clicks as possible, from the main page which will have a “dish of the day” the rest of the 
menu and location information will be accessible by one click.

#### User stories
* As Bob I'm a previous customer, I want to choose something to eat because I'm hungry.
* As Charlie, a friend recommended the restaurant, I want to find out where it is so I can visit.
* As Sue, an allergy sufferer, I want to view the allergens in the food so I don’t have a bad reaction.
* As Bill, a serial customer, I want to know this week's event, so I can try to win the office delivery draw.
* As Pat, a health conscious person, I want to know the nutrition information of my lunch, so I can stay within my nutrition boundaries.
* As Frank, a shift worker, I want to know the opening hours, so I am not wasting a trip to the restaurant. 
* As Paulie, I want to order without talking to anyone, I will use the QR code and self service option.

#### wireframes
##### Mobile wireframes
![Mobile1](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/mobile1.jpg?raw=true "Mobile mockup index and menu")
![Mobile2](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/mobile2.jpg?raw=true "Mobile mockup events and location")
##### Index page on desktop
![Index Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/index-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Index page mockup on desktop")
#### Menu page on desktop
![Menu Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/menu-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Menu page mockup on desktop")
#### Menu modal select on desktop
![Menu Modal Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/menu-modal-desktop.jpg?raw=true "Menu modal page mockup on desktop")
#### Events on desktop
![Events Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/events-desktop.jpg?raw=true "events page mockup on desktop")
#### Location on desktop
![Location Mockup](https://github.com/KelvinHere/Milestone-FrontEnd/blob/master/design-assets/location-desktop.jpg?raw=true "location page mockup on desktop")


## Features

##### Main page
* A hero image to display the kind of foods available and set the tone of the company ethos.  This will have the restaurant name, hero image, 
dish of the day and links to all other pages on the site.  Scrolling on this site will get you to a footer with an instant menu download PDF

##### Food Menu Page
* Will show off the restaurants dishes, with an at a glance allergen/suitable for icons.  
* Menu items will be clickable, opening up a larger image in a bootstrap modal, this will give more information on nutrition and allergens.  
* From the menuitem model there will be an “I want this” button that will open another modal with the name of the food, the address/opening 
hours and a map with viewable street names.

##### Events page
* A page to show current events and eligibility to enter delivery draws through repeat custom.  Under this information will be photographs and 
videos of events.  This page's goal is to give the customers a sense of inclusion and community.
* This page will have an entry form for the draw that will take these inputs from the user :-
    * Name
    * Workplace address
    * Email
    * Entry Code (on receipt)

##### Location page
* A simple page with opening hours, address and an embedded google maps link and GPS coordinates.
 
### Existing Features
- //TODO ################ 

### Features Left to Implement
- //TODO ################ 

## Technologies Used

- [HTML5/CSS3] - Languages
	- **HTML5/CSS3** was used as it is a good industry standard
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.com) - IDE
	- **Gitpod** was used for its one stop contained development workflow via browser
- [Github](https://www.gitpod.com) - Version Control
	- **Github** was used for its robust repository and ability to view website through Github pages
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com) - Library
	- This project uses **Bootstrap** for rapid development
- [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com) - Font library
	- This project uses **Fontawesome** for quick icon styling
- [Draw.io](https://www.draw.io/) - Wireframing tool
	- This project uses **Draw.io** for rapid wireframe prototyping

## Testing

### HTML Validator
- Each website page has been checked with the HTML validator at validator.w3.org, errors and warnings have been corrected (NOT FINALISED) 

## Credits

Created by KelvinHere

### Content
- TODO ################ 

### Media

- Edwin my brother the digital photographer
- Food allergen icons - [Erudus Food Allergy Icons](https://erudus.com/erudus-food-allergy-icons/)
- Crossed grain symbol - [Coeliac Society of Ireland](https://www.coeliac.ie/crossed-grain-symbol/)
- Vegetarian symbol - [European Vegetarian Union](https://www.euroveg.eu/)
- Free online QR code generator - [QR Code Monkey](https://www.qrcode-monkey.com/)
- Cafe images (Free for commercial use - No attribution required) [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)

### Acknowledgements

- My brother Edwin for his photography skills.
- Code Institute for properly embracing the future with an online only course.
- My noise canceling headphones, so I can still work during quarantine.
